I created this exercise when I was first introduced to variables and how to use them. I had to first declare the variable and learn the data types and abbreviations that go along with each type. THen I had to initialize the variable by assigning the value.
I later learned that these two steps could be done in one line of code, which at first i was hesistant about and wanted to declare my variables first then initialize them. After much practice, I am now comfortable doing it either way, and I find 
myself working with the data types I used to shy away from (like Boolean data types) to being much more comfortable around bools and solving different kinds of problems and puzzles using boolean operators which I now find it to be kind of fun!
Here I am just working with integers, probably the most frequent beginner variable data types to work with, and simple forumlas I made with using all of the normal simple math operators, plus Modulo, which I don't really remember from simple math, but I found joy in learning this new litle concept.
I know a little of the basics of Python, and was saddended to not find floor divsion in the C++ basic arithmetic operators, as in python, floor divistion would signify in C++ a comment single line //. In python, the comment single line is # character, which we use for pre-processor directives in C++
Of course, this is just for simple 4 byte integers, as you can have signed and usigned integers, or they could be long long, long or short type as well. This demonstartes the very basic concepts of integers when starting C++ basics.
Thanks for your interest! Please follow me as I am continually putting up my work - I am about to enter Game Programming and Development essentials courses (The intro part of the career certification for game development foundations) 
as a online student at CGSpectrum, a highly recognised school as one of the best online game development, VFX and animation schools in the world with high rates of employability for graduates. 
One of the key reasons for this reputation is that all CG Spectrum courses are supported by industry experts, with many currently employed at AAA studios around the globe. With a focus on specialisation, 
the learning pathways included in the highly successful short course offerings have functioned to produce skilled, confident and professional graduates who are industry-ready.
